Please answer the following administrative/personal questions:

1. What is your desired compensation range?
    I would need to make at least $40K to support my family. I can't estimate my
    worth very well, but don't think my current experience level would allow me
    to say I'm worth more than $60K.

2. When can you start?
    May 2013 is the earliest (my wife graduates this May), but would preferably
    like to finish my B.M.S. in Physics and Computer Science, which would mean
    starting in Aug. 2013.

3. Do you have any planned vacations/absences in the next
   six months that we should know about?
    Assuming all goes well, no. However, with a small child in the family, I
    might need to miss a day or two due to illnesses.

4. Do you have any problem with dogs?
    Nope. My parents and grandparents were dog groomers by trade, and my
    grandparents were animal breeders on the side, breeding dogs, cats, snakes,
    rats (for snake feed mostly), and monkeys.

5. Please describe one of the greatest costumes you've ever attempted,
   Halloween or otherwise.
    I unfortunately haven't had the chance to do anything awesome for Halloween.
    Between 2001 and 2006, my family ran a "Haunted House" in our front yard,
    which consisted of a 200 foot walk through various sections, with remote
    controlled lights, timed smoke machines, and other tricks designed to
    provide a fun and frightful time. We also had an alternative route for
    families with small children, which only contained child friendly
    decorations. We ran this haunted yard on Oct. 30th and 31st, and routinely
    saw between 200 and 400 visitors. 


6. What are some of your favorite webcomics, if any?
    [XKCD][], [Questionable Content][QC], and [PhD][]

7. If you could have one Inspector-Gadget-style bionic attachment, what
   would it be and what would you do with it?
    I'd have to say that the helicopter hat, though cliche maybe, is my
    favorite, as I'm fascinated with flying. I'm currently learning Powered
    Paragliding.

8. If you learned the zombie apocalypse was going to erupt tomorrow, what
   would you do today?
    Find a shelter big enough to bring together as powerful an enclave of people
    as I could. Plus I've always wanted a reason to baricade a warehouse :)

[XKCD]: http://xkcd.com
[QC]: http://questionablecontent.net/
[PhD]: http://www.phdcomics.com/comics.php
